Update microservices-intro.md (#4494)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/includes/microservices-intro.md

- **Network congestion and latency**. The use of many small, granular services can result in more interservice communication. Also, if the chain of service dependencies gets too long (service A calls B, which calls C...), the additional latency can become a problem. You will need to design APIs carefully. Avoid overly chatty APIs, think about serialization formats, and look for places to use asynchronous communication patterns like [queue-based load leveling](../patterns/queue-based-load-leveling.yml).

> - **Data integrity**. With each microservice responsible for its own data persistence. As a result, data consistency can be a challenge especially during rollbacks. Microservices don't fully support ACID compliance but instead use BASE technique which stands for Basically Available, Soft State, Eventual Consistency. Embrace eventual consistency where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data integrity**. Each microservice responsible for its own data persistence. As a result, data consistency across multiple services can be a challenge. Different services persist data at different times, using different technology, and with potentially different levels of success. When more than one microservices is involved in persisting new or changed date, it's unlikely that the complete data change could be considered an ACID transaction. Instead, the technique is more alined to BASE (Basically Available, Soft state, and Eventually consistent). Embrace eventual consistency where possible.
```

> - **Data integrity**. Each microservice responsible for its own data persistence. As a result, data consistency across multiple services can be a challenge. Different services persist data at different times, using different technology, and with potentially different levels of success. When more than one microservices is involved in persisting new or changed date, it's unlikely that the complete data change could be considered an ACID transaction. Instead, the technique is more alined to BASE (Basically Available, Soft state, and Eventually consistent). Embrace eventual consistency where possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Data integrity**. Each microservice responsible for its own data persistence. As a result, data consistency across multiple services can be a challenge. Different services persist data at different times, using different technology, and with potentially different levels of success. When more than one microservices is involved in persisting new or changed date, it's unlikely that the complete data change could be considered an ACID transaction. Instead, the technique is more aligned to BASE (Basically Available, Soft state, and Eventually consistent). Embrace eventual consistency where possible.
```
